Run `python3 dev/update_changelog.py --prev-version 3.4...` (#18186)
mlflow/mlflow: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 3.5.0rc0 (2025-10-08)

MLflow 3.5.0rc0 includes several major features and improvements

Major new features:

> - 🤖 **Tracing support for Claude Code SDK**: MLflow now provides a tracing integration for both the Claude Code CLI and SDK! Configure the autologging integration to track your prompts, Claude's responses, tool calls, and more. Check out this docs page to get started. (#18022, @smoorjani)

Reviewer: reminder to myself

```suggestion
- 🤖 **Tracing support for Claude Code SDK**: MLflow now provides a tracing integration for both the Claude Code CLI and SDK! Configure the autologging integration to track your prompts, Claude's responses, tool calls, and more. Check out this [doc page](ADD LINK) to get started. (#18022, @smoorjani)
```

> - 🤖 **Tracing support for Claude Code SDK**: MLflow now provides a tracing integration for both the Claude Code CLI and SDK! Configure the autologging integration to track your prompts, Claude's responses, tool calls, and more. Check out this docs page to get started. (#18022, @smoorjani)

Reviewer 2: Let's link each major feature to corresponding doc page

- ✨ **Improved UI homepage**: The MLflow UI's homepage has been updated to help you get started with more of our latest features. This page will be updated regularly moving forward, allowing you to get more in-product guidance.
- 🗂️ **Evaluation datasets UI integration**: In MLflow 3.4.0, we released backend support for creating evaluation datasets for GenAI applications. In this release, we've added a new tab to the MLflow Experiment UI, allowing you to create, manage, and export traces to your datasets without having to write a line of code.

> Features:

Reviewer 2: I think we can cut of the rest of sections for RC to avoid duplicating too much with stable release

> 

Reviewer 2: Can we add a quick message like this? (basically follows the pattern of https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/releases/tag/v3.3.0rc0)
```
Stay tuned for the full 3.3.0 release, packed with more features, refinements, and bug fixes. To try out this release candidate:

pip install mlflow==3.5.0rc0
```
